[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Thank you Mary
for being here.
>> Thank you.
>> Mary Rodwell,
let's give her a hand.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thanks.
>> Thank you.
>> Well, good afternoon.
It's an absolute
pleasure to share
some of what I'm
learning constantly,
which is making me change and
understand more and more how
little I know.
So I'm going to start with,
there's a lot in this.
So you're not going to
be allowed to sleep.
OK.
If you blink, you're
going to miss something.
So I've got a lot to get
through in a short time.
But I hope that it's going
to make sense to you.
There is so much around
contact that I want to share
and how important it
is that we understand
what's going on on this planet.
So to start with, this is the
awakening, as many people--
well, you wouldn't
be in this room
if you weren't part of that.
"How Extraterrestrial Contact
Can Transform Your Life"
was the book that
I wrote in 2002.
Realizing even then,
all those years
ago now, that it
transformed lives.
And since then, the
research has in fact
demonstrated exactly
the same thing.
And I am part of an organization
called the Dr. Ed Mitchell Free
Foundation.
And in the surveys that we've
done in Beyond UFOs with 4,200
people demonstrated some very
interesting understanding
of what this is and how
it does transform lives.
But one of the things
we've discovered is this,
it doesn't happen necessarily
because you've seen a UFO
or been on a UFO.
It may happen that
you start to connect
with these intelligences through
having a near-death experience,
or an out-of-body
experience, or you may
have had a shamanic experience.
You may have in fact started
learning remote viewing
or meditating.
Anything that raises
your consciousness
will allow you to
access the realms.
And in those realms
are everything.
Whether you want to think
about the angelic realms,
or the fairy realm, or these
non-human intelligences,
some of which are physical.
I believe now that some
are interdimensional,
trans-dimensional,
extra-dimensional, and even
some visitors from our future.
So why do I say that?
The first thing that
was most profound
in terms of our
research was this,
we discovered that only
25% of contact is physical.
And that's why so many
people don't bring back
bits of the craft I suspect.
75% is non-physical.
We go onto these craft
in a non-physical state.
Very fascinating to me
is the numbers of people
that say this, they
remember past-life origins
on other planets and
other dimensions.
And not only adults have told
me this but children as well.
And this is one of
them, my contact
with non-human
cosmic race of beings
has occurred since
before I was born.
These beings were
my family before I
came to be in the earth domain.
I had a close
relationship with them,
which continued after my birth.
And I have many stories,
many, many stories,
of the same thing.
And I see a beautiful
lady in the audience who
knows exactly what this
is about, Barbara Lamb.
And it's a pleasure to
have you here, Barbara.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
One of the fascinating
ways people
demonstrate their experience
is through artwork.
And my next workshop
will be to show
the many ways,
creative ways, people
demonstrate they've
had experiences.
But this is one
by Lloyd Canning.
He, in fact, was kind enough to
do the cover of my second book.
He's showing here how they've
been with us, our ancestors,
all through history.
And there you can see it in
this wonderful painting of his.
But the most
important thing here
is our connection
to these ancestors.
And this is what Tracy
Taylor said when she tool--
when she was told about her
origins on this planet before.
One night, I had this
intense feeling before sleep.
I wrote in a process where I
had little control, something
beyond my present understanding.
It was contrary to everything
I'd ever been taught.
It said the human race had been
created by extraterrestrials.
It contained information
about genetic manipulation
of human and extraterrestrial
DNA to create another species.
Well, the Aborigines, the
indigenous peoples globally
already know this.
And it's time we listened
a little bit more.
This is a wonderful painting
by artist Teddy Chessles
of the star people visiting
the Aborigines in Australia.
There's another
beautiful painting
by an Aboriginal artist.
And this is what she
said about this painting.
Life on the stars
beyond the Milky
Way, the connection to the
Seven Sisters constellation.
The planets are half
a day's journey.
The beings are very
friendly and just watch
the Aboriginal way of life.
They have no guns,
spears, or weapons.
The air on their planet is food.
The green uniforms protect
from Earth diseases.
The space people
speak all languages.
The elders say the space people
showed them how to grow food,
find water, and
showed them how to use
amethyst stones for healing.
So to put a baseline on this, in
terms of our own understanding
of who are origins
are, Dr. Francis Crick,
co-founder of the
DNA molecule, said
some very interesting
things about what he
believed about our human DNA.
And he said this, for
life to form by chance
is mathematically,
virtually impossible.
The immensity of complex,
coded, and precisely
sequenced information is
absolutely staggering.
The DNA evidence
speaks of intelligent,
information-bearing design.
They programmed the
molecules that when
we reached a certain
level of intelligence,
we would know more
about ourselves.
So what did the--
they, the ancestors,
program into human DNA?
They programmed DNA so
that some evolutionary
point we would have
access to information that
would teach us about ourselves.
Does this mean we will
understand our hybridization
or something more profound?
I think it's both.
Hybridization and more,
because already we
have whistleblower
geneticists saying,
there is no doubt
that we have been--
had DNA added to us.
But we also have had
been spliced and put
back together again.
And in the free surveys
that we've done,
26% of those that
were surveyed said
that they'd gained information
about the upgrading of DNA.
And we have evidence
that we have
been visited by many
different types of beings
across this planet.
And here we've got Akhenaten.
And Akhenaten, you remember,
in the pharaohs they always
said they were descended,
they were sons of gods.
And this fragment that
is being shown here
suggests that he
had a higher cranial
capacity because of a need
to house a larger cortex.
And the gene CXPAC-5,
responsible for cortex growth,
suggests an anomaly
visible in the image below.
I'm just setting the
scene here before I
want you to embrace
the information that I
want to offer you.
But I want to give you
something really tangible here.
Upgrading of human DNA, even
the children that have gone up
on the craft, I remember one
8-year-old really excited
to tell me that she'd been
taken up on board craft.
And amongst showing her how to
use her intuitive abilities,
her psychic abilities
and how to levitate,
she said she was shown
genetic engineering
of different species.
Because she said they
seed other planets
around this galaxy
and many others.
This is what this
13-year-old from Canada
said when his brother and
himself went up on the craft.
And he drew the
being that he'd seen.
And he said, I felt these
beings were like scientists,
were curious about us.
I was told it was something
to do with genetics.
Since that time,
much information
has come in around
the Mantis beings.
And many people have seen them.
Many people have
interacted with them.
This particular
lady from Australia
told me this she had an
interaction with the Mantis
beings, with the tall ones.
They're under benevolent,
she said, reptilians.
They took me to a
massive lab, built
inside a cave-like structure.
There were thousands
of incubators
with hybrids in them.
The Mantis being told
me, they, the mantis,
were the keepers
of the universe.
They had blueprints and DNA
for every species that's
ever been existing, including
extinct species on our planet.
They populate planets with life
forms throughout the universe.
They said they were
proficient at genetically
modifying humans.
They saw their roles
as master geneticists.
So contact, what is
actually going on here?
What's it all about?
I'm going to talk to
you about the many ways
now that we are being
activated, or our DNA
is being activated to embrace
and understand our heritage.
And there's going to be a lot
of visual arts, energetic music,
scripts language, healing
planetary, encounters
with non-human intelligences.
And it's all to
do with frequency.
As Nikola Tesla
said, that we are--
but we are biological beings,
and the brain and the earth
itself work on the
same frequencies.
But basically, it's
all about frequency.
If you want to find the
secrets of the universe,
think in terms of energy,
frequency, and vibration.
One of the ladies that I had the
pleasure of meeting and working
with for my book was a
medical doctor in Melbourne.
She had something
happen to her in India,
a profound experience.
And she found that
after that experience
that she was activated in a way
where she was able to activate
other people and their DNA.
She calls herself now a shamanic
medical doctor, if you like.
I describe myself as a galactic
DNA-- galactic DNA rewirer.
And the activation comes through
in a galactic connection.
And she also said
this, I feel we're
changing from carbon-based
to crystalline.
DNA is changed by frequency.
People don't realize that the
matrix is galactic, she said.
The gods of the old
religions are really
multi-dimensional
galactic beings.
I feel I've become a modern
shaman, who better-- who
better than one trained in 3D.
I can activate the blueprint
of my DNA and my patient's DNA,
splicing their DNA using
energy and frequency.
The new DNA looks golden.
As this is inserted,
the rest of the DNA
lights up for abilities.
I believe the new children
are already activated.
And this is a former
scientist that
had an activation
with Doctor Batchelor.
And she said something
very interesting.
And I don't know how many of
you have seen Lucy the film.
But if you haven't,
you'll understand what
I'm referring to afterwards.
She said this after
the activation.
Oh my goodness, I
can see the matrix
and what happened to the
codes, all the transmissions.
I'm like Lucy in the movie.
We're in a matrix.
I can see the craft overhead,
transmitting frequencies
to the people.
I see codes, like bar codes,
being put into their heads.
I see everyone is programmed.
I see programs coming in.
This has changed my life.
I see things differently.
It's interdimensional.
And the new DNA looked golden
So how does this all begin?
The ghost messenger from the
constellation of Delphius,
who is represented by the owls.
This is a painting by the
Aborigines in Australia.
And when I was in Australia,
I'm afraid some of my slides
have moved a little bit.
But I hope you can see OK.
This was me in a
place in Australia
just taking some of
what we call the orbs.
And no they are not water
globules or dust particles
that we're talking about here.
And the reason I can
say that, not only
from my own experience, but also
a wonderful book that looked
at the orbs scientifically.
And this is their
conclusion after researching
the orbs was this, if the orb
is an emanation from a spirit
being, it does not take much
of a stretch in imagination
to think that the spirit being
from which it emanates entirely
controls its mobility,
appearance, and so on.
The conclusions
that spirit beings
are all around us, capable
of changing size and location
extremely quickly, highly
evolved, and intelligent.
So I'm now going to show you
some fascinating things I've
never shown to any other
audience up to now.
So contact with a ball of light,
what is that ball of light?
A little boy of nine was telling
me about his experiences.
He's a little boy that speaks
light language to his mother.
And his mother answers
in light language.
Only she said he
knows what I'm saying,
and I don't understand
what I'm saying.
And this is how he
described himself.
I use my spiritual mind.
Some people in my spiritual
home do not exist anymore.
I can still connect
through spirits
so I talk through spirit.
I do not talk through human,
as I do to another person
like, hello, how are you?
In my mind, I speak
my spiritual language.
I say it through my soul.
I do it through my mind
and soul mixed together.
I can talk to other
souls exactly like mine.
That is how I connect
to my real home.
This is not my real home.
I do have a home
here, but I also
have a home where
I really belong.
I can see with my eyes closed.
I can see through other people.
I go out of my body to
protect other children
from negative beings.
This is a 9-year-old.
This is another
9-year-old that said this,
the beings are located at
the edge of the universe
in the white light.
The light orb is
sent to protect us.
My little brother has a
blue orb that protects him.
This is some
interesting images I
want to show you, again,
to show that this is not
dust particles.
I saw spirits.
This lady saw spirits
when she was 10.
In the last nine years, she has
taken orbs, many of these orbs
with naked eye.
She has felt quite
safe and part of them.
I believe they show
themselves to me with love
and for learning.
Now interestingly,
you can see the fog.
And then the orb
that's literally
embedded in the television.
It's not external to it.
It's actually embedded in it.
And these other
two images you'll
see with Guy Sebastian,
who's a singer, one part
is quite normal.
The other one is slightly faded.
And all these orbs are embedded
actually in the television.
And you have to say,
what's going on here?
Why are they showing
themselves that way?
Now before I start
this video, I want
you to realize it's
been slowed down 50%.
It was sent to me
by a lady who was
having experiences in the US.
And she saw lights coming
through the window.
She saw them outside.
And she thought
children were coming
with torches or something.
She was trying to understand
what these lights were.
But she realized there was no
children in the outside doing
this, but they were doing
all these strange things.
And this is actually--
these images
were taken in less than a
minute, and most of the frames
were literally
fractions of a second.
Because I was fascinated
to see, is there
anything else going on there?
So I did some slowing down.
Watch this to start with.
There you are.
So you're seeing that she's
just taking a bit of video.
And these are the lights
that she's seeing outside.
And she's wondering,
oh well, there's
no children there with them.
Have you noticed already--
this is slowed down 50%.
And already you're
seeing strange things
going on with the lights.
There's things
moving and morphing
and what have you
through the whole--
and it's less than
a minute, this
is, this whole piece of video.
Because I wanted to
know, what's actually
going on with these orbs.
There's a real sense
that they're intelligent
and what are they.
So there's a lot of
information going out
with all sorts of things.
Now I want to show
you now what I did.
In a fraction of a second, I
was noticing all these changes
in the frames with these orbs.
And you notice that, suddenly,
you start to see frequencies.
So I looked at some more.
Not only are you seeing, again,
really interesting other orbs
coming in, expansion, movement,
even strange images in there.
But what was even
more fascinating
was there were frequencies.
And that I'd never
seen in orbs before,
frequencies, frequencies.
So that's either an
activation or a communication
going on some level.
But this was what was actually
embedded in these orbs.
Here's-- here they are again.
So what's going on
when we see orbs,
or when we're taking
pictures of orbs?
There is something
happening that we may not
see with our physical eyes.
But it's there in front of you.
Now intriguingly and
synchronicically, here we
are again, more and more.
What are those frequencies?
Look at the strange
ones, some like dots,
some like waves around the orbs.
You can see the orbs
themselves shifting literally
in fractions of a second.
I was sent some video by a
beautiful healer channel,
Valerie Barlow, who's--
Barrow should I say, who's
written a couple of books
on her information
about the origin
of the species from her
connections to the stars.
And when she was doing certain
healings and meditation
through Skype, what was she
getting through Skype, where
she's doing these
healings and sending out
the frequencies in meditation?
You've got exactly the same
kind of frequencies showing up
that I was getting with the
orbs, quite fascinating.
And here's another one.
Before I play this, I want
to say that here you've
got more frequencies happening.
But although the lady in
the video didn't hear this,
there was something
coming through
that Valerie has no
idea where it came from.
[ELECTRICAL NOISES]
She has no idea
where that came from,
but we can see the frequencies.
They're actually being picked
up by the camera itself.
And that was,
again, in a session
of healing and meditation.
Now what I want to show you
here was another story that's
come up very, very recently.
And the reason I
want to show it,
because it's all about a
ball of light and contact
with this ball of light.
This gentleman is a
retired Captain, US Captain
in the army, retired pilot.
And he got in touch
with me because he
said he'd had an interaction
with a ball of light.
And from that time, his
pineal was activated.
And he now has all
these downloads
in terms of understanding from
the Akashic records, et cetera.
And I want to actually let you
hear him tell you how it was.
>> I can't describe the beauty
that was coming off of this.
I was like, what is that--
that blue light, right?
It was sitting nestled
in between two hills.
And Vanessa is the first
one that pointed out.
She was the first one to see it.
And I asked her--
it was a mountain exit.
It said 264.
And it actually backtracked
back to the blue light,
after we got off the interstate.
And as we passed
that blue light,
I heard something say--
and I was driving.
I heard something
say, here he comes.
I heard it plain as day, right?
Like telepathically,
here he comes.
And I turned to Vanessa and
I said, did you hear that?
And immediately after,
I can-- the best way
I can describe it is that we
went through like a time wave,
just like a wall.
And it slowed down,
a wormhole, yeah.
I was just a--
it took like a
microsecond of, you know,
and then back to normal.
And--
>> Yeah.
>> But as we were driving
along, we got back to the house.
And I told Vanessa, I said,
Vanessa, you know we got back.
We were going to lay in bed.
And I said Vanessa, I think
that light did something
to me, right?
And sure enough--
I'm not trying to
be too dramatic.
I'm just dramatic.
I always tell the kids,
I'm a little dramatic--
But we got back and
a beam of blue light
in our bedroom, a beam of
light coming from space
shot into our bedroom.
And I looked over at Vanessa.
We'd just got in bed.
And I said, did you see that?
And she said, yes.
And as soon as she
said, yes, a second beam
came through from space.
We have a beautiful
view of heavens,
beautiful view of heavens in
here, nice big picture windows.
And it came-- and
it came through.
Then an orb of electromagnetic--
a ball, like a--
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yeah, like an electromagnetic
orb, ball of lightning, right,
manifested in a corner
outside of our bedroom.
Then the wall disappeared.
And we could see this
ball of orb light.
You know, it was just an orb
of lightning just sitting,
like a star, right,
just like a star.
Excuse me.
>> I'm not--
>> That's crazy, right?
>> Full [INAUDIBLE] and you
saw this orb, this orb outside.
>> That's correct.
That's correct.
Through [INAUDIBLE] it
was just, it was just
an image, just a faded image.
It just faded out with
the light around it.
And yeah, it was just like a--
there was nothing there.
It was just [INAUDIBLE]
disappeared.
Yeah.
>> Do you any-- do you feel that
anything else happened that--
did you have a missing time
episode or strange time
anomaly?
I-- I do and I don't know
how much time you have Mary.
There's a ton of little details
that happened since that event,
right.
And it's been ongoing.
It's been ongoing.
It has not stopped.
>> OK.
>> Very important
point, but no it did--
actually, it telepathically
communicated with me.
I wrote it all down, right.
I wrote it all down.
I reported it to MUFON.
They came out, a
small investigation.
And--
>> They ruled our transformers
blowing up in the area.
>> Yeah, they ruled out
transformers blowing up
in the area with the blue
line, or anything electrical
in the city, or
anything like that.
But my goodness, you
know, I mean Mary,
just to keep it short, did you
see the book that I sent you,
the Perfect 10 Temple.
Did you see that?
>> Yeah, I want to
ask you about that.
>> Just--
>> I'm going to show you some
video in a minute of them with
the lights, the
orbs in the room.
And they can actually
see them physically.
But this is the point that
he was trying to make.
He said after this
experience, he
felt like someone had saturated
every molecule of his being
with absolute 100% pure love.
It opened my pineal completely.
And he said that, for him,
it was this pure, pure love
that he felt, as if I
could not hold any more
love within my vessel,
my body or mind,
absolute ecstasy,
nirvana, bliss.
None of these words
can do it justice.
Even to this day,
he said, I cry tears
of joy just thinking about it.
It told me that if I go to
the highest heavens, imagine.
It left me in a state of
residue where I am always
connected, where I
see light everywhere,
even with my eyes closed,
in a state of waking dream.
I suppose the best
way to explain
it is, to the common
man, is to say
imagine living with natural
DMT trip 24 hours a day, 60--
365 days a year.
So that was his activation.
And this was fairly recent.
But what is even more
interesting, in a minute,
I'll show you.
I got some images of
the orbs in his house.
And again, what did I see?
I started to see the
frequencies again.
And there they are in
those images there.
What is interesting also
is his understanding.
He said light is consciousness.
The world is a fractal of light.
DNA upgrades are via light.
I now know what Tesla knew.
Strange things have
continually occurred
since this event, such as lights
flickering, bells ringing,
a tornado of physical orbs
appearing in our home.
And I'll show you some
of that in a minute.
There you are, the light
poured into my mind.
I understood we have now
entered the Aquarian Age.
I understood Hindu cycles
of time are correct.
I understood God is
literally light and has
appeared in all cultures
throughout endless cycles
of time.
I understood the world is
eternal and has always existed.
I understood why all ancient
cultures worship the sun
and oriented their--
their temple
complexes with Orion.
I understood what
we see on Earth
is the remnants of
countless cycles.
The blue orb contact, Jimmy
spoke of it and asked,
are you all light?
And the blue orb said, yes.
But 15 minutes later,
guess what happened?
After the telepathic
conversation
with the blue light, within
the minute after it happened,
two Black Hawk helicopters
appeared, totally blacked out.
I identified them by
their rotor wash sound,
as that is distinct--
distinctive.
And they stayed for
about 10 minutes.
Because he was a pilot,
he could identify them.
And so many have
had contact notice
within a few minutes
of their contact,
you'll see the
black helicopters.
>> But after that,
it disappeared.
So we had a chance,
after it disappeared,
and then the helicopters came.
Did you hear about
the black helicopters?
Right?
>> Yeah, we know.
>> Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So the black heli, so the
black helicopters came, right?
So that's.
>> That had to be horrifying.
>> Yeah.
Now interestingly
>> Blackhawks.
>> Yeah.
I'm a retired Blackhawk
pilot, military pilot, right.
So I know exactly what
it is when it came over.
I knew exactly what it was.
And it's a, it's what we called
an ARF, an ARF, Aerial Reaction
Force.
So there was two Blackhawk
helicopters [INAUDIBLE]
right over our home and
totally blacked out.
So hit the [INAUDIBLE]
panel switch.
>> So there you are.
This is very common with many of
those that are having contact.
Eventually, it
seems the military
get to know where
they're about to appear,
because a lot of those
that have contact
are actually pulling them in
and the military know about it.
So what's else going on?
I think this one
is to just show you
something very interesting
that was sent to me by Jimmy
just recently.
I want you to notice all
the orbs flying around.
>> Oh, my god.
Look at the [INAUDIBLE].
Turning around in my house to
see where they're coming from.
>> Green, blue.
>> Jackson.
That one's coming right
over the fireplace.
>> And they can see
them physically.
This wasn't just
through the camera.
The dog's having a good time.
>> Stand back and see if
they're coming out of me.
>> No, they're not.
>> No?
They're around us though.
>> Yeah, they're around us.
Yeah, I'm seeing [INAUDIBLE].
>> They're still here.
They're all over.
>> Where?
Look at that right here.
>> Because the
animals can see them.
>> A little bit.
>> Yeah.
>> They're coming
through the window.
It's like they're coming
>> Oh, cool.
Well, good energy,
welcome to the home.
Positive, loving
vibrational energies.
Absolutely.
>> It's very important you see
individuals that have these.
>> I mean, these are
not dust mites, Jimmy.
>> No, no.
That's energy.
>> There's all the questioning.
>> That's energy.
>> That's going on.
>> That's energy, [INAUDIBLE].
It is.
You can see.
>> Here, look straight up.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> I mean, there's no bugs.
>> No, there's nothing.
>> Oh.
>> Yeah, it's energy.
>> OK, now I want to
show you something else.
Because I got intrigued
about all the orbs
and I actually slowed this
one down like I did before,
I managed to find something
that Jimmy hadn't seen.
I wonder if you can see
it outside the window.
Can you see?
Can you see what's
outside the window?
Looks suspiciously like a
little being, doesn't it?
Wouldn't you reckon?
So I think there was
more than the orbs
going on in that
particular time.
And this is what I mean.
It's all so fast.
Our eyes can't see
what's actually going on.
But luckily now
we have technology
that's giving us a
real clue onto more
of the non-physical realms,
and more that's going on.
And that's what I
wanted to show you.
There is more going on than we
realize when contact happens.
And this is an interesting
story about the orbs as well.
And this was by a wonderful
gentleman, Jim Schaefer,
who sent me the video.
And in the video you can see
this orb literally going from,
he was resting
watching television,
but he was running his camera.
And this particular
light, he filmed
it going from the
side of the room up
and it entered his body.
Now he had been talking to
the being, saying he had,
he'd found he had cancer.
And he said to the beings,
please, can you heal me?
And this is what
he actually said.
He asked for help, as his
tumor had grown rapidly.
"I was in bed watching TV.
I used my cell phone for
the filming for activity.
I hit the Record
and a whiteboard orb
fell down from the
strip of the wall
and it turned into a blue
mass and came towards me.
It turns in on itself
and dives into my body.
I was so shocked, I didn't sleep
until the following morning.
Then I woke up later
and noticed immediately
the tumor was completely
gone in an 18-hour time span.
I had surgery to remove
the four lymph nodes that
had necrosis, and two
days later, found out
I didn't have cancer.
I believe, he said, they
wanted me to witness and record
this event.
I don't know why I was healed.
Maybe it's because I
had unusual genetics,
because I'm Rh O negative.
I've been changed.
I'm very empathic
towards animals
and caring about the
state of the planet."
So this is a healing
done by one of the orbs.
And I slowed up his footage.
And there you see
the frequencies.
As I slowed the
footage up that is
coming towards him to the bed,
there you see the frequencies.
So again, more evidence
that something's going on.
And this, I won't show
you the video of it,
because I've got so much to show
you, but through the camera in,
this was in place in England
where they were watching
the child who was sick.
And because of that, they
were watching the monitor.
And on the monitor was this
orb that was around the child
all night.
And they said that,
Chloe and Tom said
their baby was ill with croup.
So they wandered and they
kept watch by monitoring.
A bright orb, a light orb
was filmed on the monitor
all night.
They had never seen
this before or since.
The baby was sick, but the
next day it was better.
So we're getting
evidence that there's
more again, going on here.
And this is another
kind of contact
that I want to
speak to you about.
And this is a little
boy of 11, Matthew.
And this is the being that
took him on board craft.
Now this is where
I want to say, not
only is healing done
with these orbs,
but I also wonder what
the frequencies are doing.
Matthew was sleeping
when this being came.
They seem to be good, he said.
Short, light gray,
big heads, small slit
for a mouth and big black eyes.
I was lifted up to the ceiling
and blacked out, he said.
I woke in a dome-shaped ship to
see the beings around a control
panel type desk where
they're communicating
in another language
telepathically, which
I could hear.
I focused on the
control panel, hearing
sounds which I felt
were altering my DNA.
Afterwards, this
became the first second
of five songs called
decoding the human DNA.
The first of the
second five songs
completed within
three day's arrival.
Now, in my next
presentation, I'm
going to play some
of the songs that he
played after his experience.
And one of them is
called "Decoding DNA."
So that's bringing
in the frequencies.
Dr. Lena Ohlson, who I've
resourced in many ways,
a molecular biologist, who is
also an experiencer and lives
in Sweden.
She does lots of
healing with crystals.
But she's also, as I
say, an experiencer,
and she says that the new
children that are coming in,
the new generations
that are considered, she
calls them letter people.
And we're meaning ADHD,
dyslexia, Asperger's,
and some forms of autism.
She said that these are,
as far as she's concerned,
some of the new upgrades.
And this is what she got
from her own connection
to not only Mantas,
but many other beings.
The information of the
donors and their background
is there a hidden key,
and like PC programmers,
hide their work.
This key can be activated.
The programmers
know when the person
is ready to be contacted.
The activated ones spread a
signal to wake the others up.
I feel they're speeding this up.
And this is what I
believe is happening too.
Another molecular biologist,
Dr. William Brown,
wrote to me many years ago now.
And this is his understanding
of the new human.
I believe genetic modification
is occurring right now in utero
and producing new humans.
The exponential increase
in autistic, ADD and Indigo
children have new
genetic architecture,
which allows them
to see the world
in a multi-dimensional fashion.
I believe research would show
dormant genetic regions are
being reintegrated into the
biological systems occurring
in all of us to produce
expanded awareness.
Their brains work faster.
They have access to more
information in the beginning.
In the classroom, learning
is much faster than normal.
I believe they already
know what is being taught.
Very important
with the new ones.
Dormant genetic regions
are being integrated
into the biological system.
Information is encoded within
the atomic structure of the DNA
molecule.
It's more like
remodeling of the genome
to make dormant
regions accessible.
Vast amounts of information
and functional capacity
is already there.
Vast capacity of the DNA
to store information.
In one gram of DNA,
I have read, that can
store everything that's
on the internet now
in one gram of DNA.
So what have we got
encoded into our DNA?
So ADHD.
This is a lovely explanation
from a gentleman that
only realized in his 50s that he
would be diagnosed now as ADHD.
And he wrote the book, "Close
Encounters of the ADHD Kind."
"My book is about what happened
in my extra dimensional world,
where I met the beings of light.
Being symptomatic
of ADHD, I am not
limited to the square
template of the universe.
I am wired to the
multi-dimensional universe.
My internet browser
can browse into chaos,
be it on Earth or
the multiverse.
I can perceive hidden layers of
order and make sense of it all.
Most folk, without a
supercharged browser,
cannot do this.
They are focused towards
convention in this reality.
And he has re-translated
the ADHD into.
always dialed Into
higher dimensions.
Because that's
the new children."
The new human.
So why do I say that?
I asked a young man
who was then 16,
who blew me away with his
understanding of reality
and who he was.
And I asked him about what
he knew about the new human.
I like the term the
new human, he said.
The title fits, because
we're going into something
that is new for us.
The labels, such as crystal
child, Indigo child and rainbow
child is not
describing the person,
but the person's
expression of self.
The Indigo child has
the warrior personality
to break down a system that's
wrong and needs to change.
Crystalline child has the
aura of love and peace,
the healer, the medium
bringing in the sight.
The rainbow child has the
energy of the creator, leader,
kingship personality.
It's a vibrational difference.
It's a term humans
are using only because
of limited understanding.
Those who call
themselves these labels
are just resonating to the
frequency of those attributes
and not staying
with the status quo.
Animals are changing
too, personality-wise.
Animals are evolving.
And this is his understanding
at 16 years old.
A lady wrote to me from Sweden.
And she said this.
"In my first pregnancy,
a voice told me
that my children are not mine.
They belong to no one.
My daughter gets important
messages in ET languages.
I showed her your presentation,
and when the lady did healing
and writes in ET
languages, she responded
in joy and excitement.
She knows what I have
written, she said.
My daughter has helpers
who guide and teach her.
They're here to help
humanity with the awakening.
And this little
girl I call Cathy
said, my guides have no hair or
ears, human eyes, but bigger.
The green being is male.
Emoke is blue.
My friends are
here all the time.
It's dangerous to
come and help here,
because memories can
be deleted at birth
by education and drugs.
My 9-year-old daughter
has healing abilities
and speaks healing words in
ET languages to purify water.
It tasted different after this.
She says the languages are from
a place outside the universe."
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> This is her speaking.
>> OK.
Also, Cathy was
given seven books.
She said this.
"I was given these seven books.
They're not real books.
But she said, this is what
these seven books were.
The red book is about
creation and its origins.
The brown one is about different
planets and the life there.
The light green
one is about nature
and how we can make contact
with plants and animals
and understand nature.
The dark green one is about the
body and how it really works
and how we get to evolve.
The blue book is
about light and truth.
And the red book,
she can't open yet,
because a dragon took the
key from her in the 1700s.
The black book is about
darkness and evil."
What's so interesting
is, that we've
got a nine-year-old
explaining the understanding
of this information
that she's been given.
So how do they know?
How do the children know?
How do the adults have contact?
Just like you heard
with Jimmy, Jimmy
had an activation from
this ball of light.
You've seen the
frequencies for yourself.
And now he just downloads
information in huge quantities
all the time.
This five-year-old
said to his mom.
"I learn more on the
ships than I do at school.
He's five years old.
They float, not walk,
and become invisible.
There are blue ones too.
I've seen them in
my mind's eye."
Magic school.
This is what another
little child said.
"A white light comes
through the window."
When her mother said, did
you have any good dreams
last night.
Yes, mum, I finished
magic school.
Mum said, well,
what did you learn?
Everything, mostly science.
I learned about
space and gravity.
Time controls everything.
Time controls all.
My son says that a white
light come through his window
and suddenly he's
there at school."
So what's the quantum hologram
multi-dimensional education
that these children
are telling me about
and have explained to me?
They're shown not
only about the nature
of reality, quantum physics, how
to use their psychic abilities,
but this kind of thing.
How to pilot spacecraft and
how to navigate star maps.
Shown advanced technologies.
Consciousness soul spirit
moving into another form
of a non-human container.
And I talked a little bit about
this in one of the last panels,
where a young boy told me
that at eight years old when
he was onboard craft
some of the time,
because his ancestors
and the Manta beings,
he said sometimes I evaporate
into a Manta body for a task.
And then when I'm finished, I
come back into my human form.
This is not unusual.
I'll talk about
this in a minute,
more about this in a minute.
They're shown
genetic engineering
of different species,
both on and off world.
And one little girl couldn't
wait to tell me from the US,
about her experience
two nights before,
where she'd been taken
to a planet, shown
how to use her
psychic abilities,
but then shown
genetic engineering.
And they were showing
how they mix species
to seed other planets
and other universes.
Healing procedures
onboard craft, the nature
of black holes and wormholes.
One young lady of
eight also told me
that she'd been
shown a black hole,
and also shown wormholes
and seeing how she said,
I saw the dinosaurs
in real time.
She was being shown
this and shown
the nature of what these are.
To decode and understand script
symbols and light languages,
time travel technologies,
taken on missions on Earth
and off world.
Taught advanced
physics technologies
to create non-polluting energy
sources, ecologically friendly
environments, and
interstellar capabilities.
This is the
multi-dimensional education.
This young man, I'm
going to call Eli.
He said, "the present system
doesn't understand us,
when he's talking about school.
I know a different type of
math's, and before I came here,
I was doing light physics.
I change light.
I use light to make
things out of light.
All schools so far
don't accept me.
I need to go to a
different school,
because even in my
group, I'm different.
I'm supposed to be different,
because I learn more
and I learn differently
than they do.
I am from a different
star, different planet,
different universe.
I know I am a star child.
I know more science and
maths than are from here.
I know how to build a portal.
I know how to teleport."
Another young child.
This young lady is Spanish.
She speaks English
really well, given
that she comes from Spain.
And she talks about her
experiences on the spacecraft.
She said "the
non-human intelligence
in spacecraft
visit in our dreams
when we dream we go
to another dimension.
In one experience, I
was on a spacecraft
with other star seeds,
children and teens
of all different ages.
It was like a classroom teaching
consciousness, humanity,
evolution, spiritual
consciousness, physics,
the geometry of light.
How to levitate to push your
body via electromagnetism
from the ground.
I remember being taught how
to move objects with my mind.
Even if we don't recall
it, the information
remains in our
subconscious until we need
it and it will come back to us.
One time on the craft,
taught quantum physics,
but more about geometry
frequency vibration
of mathematics."
I'm going to let you hear
a little bit from her
in a minute.
And this is a drawing
of the classroom.
Had huge windows.
You see lots of different
ages, from eight to 24 years.
The teachers were
star guides humanoid.
"Teaching the
relationship between pi
and the number of the
Fibonacci sequence
in geometry and numerology.
This drawing shows a moment
I replied to a question.
And they were happy
for us to participate.
They don't teach
like school teachers.
Their education is interactive
and telepathic, creative
and joyous.
They took the space craft around
some beautiful places in space
for us to observe and enjoy.
And one young
8-year-old boy told me
that when he went
on the craft, he
went with a couple of his school
friends and he recognized them.
And he described being
in an environment where
there were other children.
And I said to him,
were the children
all the same kind
of human children?
And he said no.
Some had different,
were different,
were not quite human.
Their eyes were different.
And he talked about being able
to manifest things and move
things with his mind, and
being taught complex subjects.
And I said to him, so
these complex subjects,
can you tell me more about them?
He said no, because they're
too complex for you.
[LAUGHTER]
So I thought, right, OK.
That put me in my
place, didn't it?"
My grandson's image
of portals he can see.
And this is a very
interesting one,
because the
grandmother wrote to me
and said, after playing
with a spirograph,
her young grandson was
very excited to tell me
that what he'd drawn
was exactly what
the portals in the bush around
his home looked like to him.
And interestingly, Eli, in my
book, writes about the portals.
And he said, "you can
go to Orion and back.
At one time, you
had to go via Mars.
Now the technology means
you can go there directly.
You can go in two ways.
One all in your mind
or in your body,
as it's a frequency thing."
So you can do either.
I've got more stories about
how one young man of seven
told me that he is able
to go to other planets
through a portal, which he
uses the ruins as the portal,
but he said he has to know the
planet's mathematical number.
And that's the frequency.
And then he can use them
to go to other planets
in other dimensions.
So we've got meet the hybrids.
I'm sorry, some my
slides have moved.
I'll thank the angels for that.
"Meet the Hybrids," and
this is Jacquelin Smith
in "Meet the Hybrids,"
wonderful book,
and Barbara Lamb was part
of this wonderful book,
along with Miguel
Mendonca as part of it.
And what is brilliant,
is the stories
in it are explaining a hybrid's
understanding of themself
in a human form.
But what I wanted to say
briefly about that is,
what Jacquelin Smith is
saying here, "hybrids on Earth
helped to raise the
frequency of human kind
so humans can evolve and
embrace their cosmic family.
With major paradigm
shifts taking place,
humanity is evolving
into a new human.
This means the DNA
of the human kind
is changing in ways in
which we're allowing them
to expand in consciousness."
Same theme time
and time again, is
that we're being activated
in our awareness,
our DNA is being activated,
our multi-dimensional DNA
also is being activated.
So we can evolve into
a more aware species.
And this is what was said about
the new human, again, from Zac.
"Hybrids are expressing
their consciousness
through their DNA,
as is the new human.
The hybrids are part of
the new human archetype
we're evolving into.
The labels don't matter.
The humans are evolving.
Our DNA's advancing, and we'll
express it in any way possible.
It's contained in our DNA.
There is scalar
imprinted memories
of all the other beings in our
DNA that has passed through.
We can express it in the
new element template.
We can express it in the hybrid
forms, such as Indigo crystal.
That is the energy they're
expressing or perceiving
through their reality lens
and what we are emitting.
It's all interconnected, but
you perceive it as different
if you wish to.
So I'm not sure if this
one's the video or not.
I don't think it is.
I think the next
one's the video.
This is Marina again from Spain.
She's done some beautiful
little clips for me in video.
But this is how she
was aware that she
was, in fact, a hybrid.
"I realized I had ET features
no one else in my family had.
Such slanted eyes, oval
face, weak jaw, pointed chin,
elongated neck, small mouth, and
a body temperature of 35 to 30
C. I asked myself, where
did my genes come from?
I started to feel sense
ETs abducted my mom when
I was an egg and gave me alien
genetics," is the way she's put
it.
Right.
Now let me just
send a little, let
you hear a little bit of Marina.
>> At 15 years old, I made my
consciousness because I came
here with a wake-up calling card
in my DNA to the term to wake
up at a turning
point in my life,
which is something that many
star children came with.
And so I started to
experience memory recalls
of extraterrestrial contact,
extraterrestrial incarnations,
my own star system
connections or expansions.
Also, great expansion
of my psychic abilities.
I became highly sensitive when
I was with the external reality.
I will be able to read more
strongly the people's thoughts.
I will be able to
read their own energy,
to read their own emotions,
to read their name,
and their own genetics,
their own connection
to their star systems.
And while it can
be very frustrating
sometimes for star children,
because we are very sensitive.
So I will recommend
that if you pick up
negative energy of low
frequency energy because you're
very sensitive, I
will recommend you
that you not fight the
emotion, that you do not
fight that energy.
That you, because
resistance is actually
slowing down the process of
getting out of that frequency.
So ground into
that energy and try
to balance it, to try to bring
it to a higher frequency.
Try to transform
it into love again.
I also started to experience
seeing the human aura,
and that also comes
with seeing spirits.
So don't be scared,
you know, beings.
This is other dimensions.
And while auras,
seeing auras can
be a little bit distracting when
it comes to classes, it's good.
It's a nice ability.
I will also experience
precognitive dreams.
Like every day, I
will, don't fear
if sometimes you have a
dream and that happens
in the physical reality.
We have that ability.
And sometimes I
will also read when
something is going to happen
three seconds after I see it
in my brain.
It's very normal to have
these kind of abilities
when you're vibrating on
a higher consciousness.
And we also have
another nice ability.
We have the ability to
manipulate space and time.
So if you're late to
school or someplace,
you can stretch, the space
time, and you can actually
get, arrive on point.
And be careful also with
ability of manipulating
the electromagnetic fields,
such as the light, you know,
laptops.
Because one day I turned off
a laptop with my own brain
and it didn't work anymore.
So be careful.
And we also have the ability
to heal with our hands,
because the DNA stored in our
hands is more crystalline.
So we can actually manipulate
energy a lot with our hands.
So we can use it to
heal other humans.
In regardance with extra
dimensional experiences,
alien contact, I experienced
it, and some of you
will experience it or
have experienced it.
Well, an abduction,
for example, can
happen either in the physical
way or in the metaphysical way.
You know, your soul
goes over your body.
In regardance to my
physical abduction,
they erase my memory on
purpose, and that is something
that they will do frequently.
But you have to understand that
do not try to force the memory
to come back to you.
Because even if you don't
recall the memory, you are,
you actually have
that information
that they contacted you
in their subconscious.
So you can channel
that information
and let it come through.
Talking about channelling,
it's very normal
that we usually start to channel
information about something,
you know.
Such as me first time channeling
physics, you know, it's very,
it's very,
recommendable that you
write down all, the downloads of
information that you may have.
In regardance to the
astral abductions
or the astral contact,
it's more frequently
happening you know,
because it's easier way
to contact, you know, an
extraterrestrial being.
I have to recall it, and
you know, I was in a ship
and there was this
extraterrestrial talking to me.
Sometimes the
information, you receive
it telepathically more
than you know, verbally.
And it's a good sign, you
know, to receive it directly.
So I will recommend
to you that do not
fear the contact experience.
That you remain super,
super calm, and super, super
you know, just
confident, you know,
because they're not
going to harm you.
You're vibrating love.
They cannot harm you.
And remember that your
star family is always
protecting you and your guides.
So don't fear the
contact experience.
And also I will recommend
to you, the last thing,
that you are, it's
very important
that you are very
respectful when it comes
to extraterrestrial contact.
It's very important,
respect, you know.
So I guess that's all.
>> She's not 16 anymore.
She's a few years older.
She was, she said
even when she was
six, when she was
outside sometimes,
she would see the
black helicopters.
And she was also told
when she was about 13,
she kept getting this
information in her head,
you've got to go to
the States, you've
got to be part of the star, the
space program and all the rest
of it.
And she knew that wasn't
coming from the right place.
So that's the
other side to this,
because we know
that there are those
on this planet that don't
want this to happen,
for us to wake up.
Three kinds of
hybrids, and I will
explain what she's saying here.
I'm sorry, my slides
have moved a little bit.
So what she's
saying is that there
are many types of hybrids.
But she's isolating three here.
The human DNA of the star seed,
the DNA from human parents
and metaphysical
soul genetics blended
together expresses the
ET higher frequency.
Star seed that's awakened to
their multi-dimensional self
or true essence of unconditional
love and reconnects
to its star origins.
The star seed that was
added to the ET genetics,
such as when her
mother was pregnant,
they genetically altered
her with their DNA.
So she connects more
to the consciousness
of her star origins,
which are Andromeda
Arcturus and the GREY.
So these are some of the
beings that she interacts with.
The purple one she said is
a female Arcturian guide.
She saw her first in dreams.
The green one is a hybrid
child, the genetic mix
between human ET DNA.
Sorry, human DNA, GREY,
Mantid an Arcturian energy.
You know, I talked about
little eight-year-old
being shown how they'll
mix various genetics
of different species.
The brown-eyed
being a human Zeta.
This is an Essassani
GREY hybrid.
And the long-haired male is a
Pleiadian guide called Mako.
A Zeta, she said she
saw in her dreams,
helps to provide the genetics
between humans and themselves
to create the hybrids opposite.
So she's actually
showing that as well.
So she's got a lot of
information on multiple levels.
But now I'm going to tell
you about a family affair.
And this one was a lady who was
a former air hostess in Brazil.
And what was very
interesting, was
that she had this experience
and didn't know who to talk to.
And because a lot of
ufological researchers
really struggle
with some of this,
because we know that it's
not all physical anyway,
so it's much harder
to quantify, she
got in touch with me, because
she'd seen my presentations.
And she said, she
used to remember
as a child seeing this loving
female cat feline being
in a dream about
three meters tall,
very thin with a cat-looking
face, very loving.
And as a child, she thought,
she's also my mother.
Had this feeling as a child.
She also had dreams where
beings came to a room
and held her hands, and she
flew to space ship in the sky,
teaching me about spirituality
most of all, she said.
One of them was
talking about chakras.
And from his hand, came light.
And each time, a different
color came over my body.
Now the thing that had confused
her and frightened her,
was this.
She was in a hotel on
her way to breakfast
when she was still
working as an air hostess.
And there's this little
girl in the passageway.
And she's worried, because
the little girl has
no one, no mother
around or anything,
and she's worried
about this little girl.
And so she goes up to her
without seeing her fully,
and says to her, you know,
where is your parents?
Where's your mum?
When the little
girl turns round,
you'll see the face
here at the bottom.
She saw was this strange face.
And she thought to herself,
oh, she's a monster.
And she ran away.
Now let me go
backtrack a little bit.
In 2002, she said
she woke up thinking
she was at the doctors.
Close to her feet was a
being with dark, huge eyes.
Later, she could
feel a little ball
on the right side of her womb.
As time passed,
the ball was gone.
Now many of us are aware who
researched this, and those
who've had experiences,
of what we call
the missing
pregnancy-type syndrome,
which sounds very
much like this.
In 2008, leaving
a hotel room, she
saw this little girl about
four or five years old.
She didn't open her
mouth, but I could
hear a voice inside my
mind saying, mummy, mummy.
I understood the child
was looking for a mother.
So I asked, where is your mum?
Her face changed.
She had bigger, black eyes.
Her mouth looked swollen, and
she could read my thoughts.
I was so scared, I ran away,
thinking she was a monster.
The last time they took
me to the spaceship,
they showed me hybrid
kids and the girl I
saw in the hotel room in 2008.
She was bigger,
like a pre-teenager.
And I realized she was
part of another race,
but she was also my daughter.
And all these others that
she's drawn are the same
and are children as well.
The last time they took
me to the spaceship,
they showed me the
hybrid kids and the girl
I saw at the hotel.
I understood she was a
hybrid of the same race
as the woman with the cat
face I always saw as a child.
The feline woman sometimes
brings her to see me
or to play with my
six-year-old daughter,
because she'd seen her
six-year-old daughter
playing with her hybrid
sister on board craft.
But it's not over.
This is some of the
information since then
that she's been given.
I was told they're
not allowed to abduct
humans to create hybrids.
Hybrids volunteer to
incarnate into a human body
to accomplish a mission.
Once I knew this
then, the feeling
of being a victim and all
my panic and fear left me.
It made sense that the GREYS
were monitoring my pregnancies.
The human race is
being improved somehow.
So my daughter plays
with a hybrid sibling.
I witness when the
hybrid daughter
arrives and comes close to
her when she is sleeping.
My daughter sits on her
bed and suddenly smiles
and is very happy
and plays with her.
I believe her presence
somehow takes my daughter out
of her body.
I think my hybrid
daughter may be about 15,
but physically looks about 12.
She has normal
skin to the human,
eyes are bigger with no
white, the jaw very different.
Nose and hair look human.
She's often coming
with a feline being.
But, it's all in the family.
And we were talking about the
intergenerational links, where
if someone comes to me, I will
find siblings, either mother
or father or both
or grandparents
have had some form of experience
or some form of encounter.
So the eldest daughter
began to tell her mum
about her own
experiences, and she
sees this particular
being, which
you're seeing she's drawn here.
She said her hair is white with
a blue stone between her eyes.
She's very tall
with long fingers.
She showed her star
constellation she called home.
They were white with
long hair and the land
is full of snow and ice.
So there's the picture
of a really interesting
extraterrestrial.
And the bottom
line is, that I am
seeing multiple
kinds of pictures
of all types of humanoids,
crystalline beings,
feline beings, lion
beings, reptilian beings,
a whole range from GREYS.
I was told that
in terms of GREYS,
there are at least
165 species of GREY.
So when we are
looking at this, we
are looking at
civilizations that
are interacting with us from
this galaxy and other galaxies,
as well as inter-dimensional
beings, extra dimensional
and trans dimensional ones.
So this is more of
the experience that
was joined with her
husband, because I
want to tell you a little bit
about her husband as well.
This is why this family
has been so interesting.
The being at the top was a joint
experience with her husband.
"My husband and I both saw
this being in our bedroom.
There were strange
effects in the room.
Doors moving and
lights blinking.
This being looked about 35.
Long silver hair, strange eyes,
eyes that were water blue.
His hands were, from his hands,
two colors, blue and violet.
My husband felt peace
coming from him.
It felt like he was connected
to sharing this information
and wanted to remind me."
And the lower one
is where she is
with other extraterrestrial
beings, this lady.
And he said, "this being
was similar to the beings
in this group I'd been with.
I felt he was talking to
me with ideas, not words.
The group had the
same color uniform,
which represented our
aura and our mission.
Many groups of alien races,
I felt like I knew them.
It felt eager and
happy, supporting
Earth and our mission.
Ours was to help the
children," she said.
"I understood something
was going to change soon.
A few weeks ago, they took
me with other alien beings
to a strange open field.
It was pink and
green and different.
They were organizing
and guiding us.
I knew all of them.
I understood we going
to work together.
They gave our group a
beautiful uniform color purple.
They talked about
supporting Earth.
I already felt I knew this,
and I was part of them.
I didn't see human, just
different kinds of ETs.
I understood something
was going to change soon.
The color of the
uniform," she said,
"is different depending on
the tasks on this planet
and their aura
vibration of the person.
My group were all aliens,
so I guess I am alien too.
Green is very spiritual
and is a mental quality.
The blue guides humanity.
My group, purple,
helps the new children
to be strong and
capable of living here."
Now this was really interesting.
She sends me messages
every so often
to say something that's
happened from Brazil.
And she said, I suddenly
had this thought
that my six-year-old
daughter was a hybrid.
And she said, a
couple of days later,
her husband woke her up and
told her the same thing.
That their daughter was
a hybrid and a Mantis.
My husband saw her out of
body and just knew it was her.
My human daughter has six
toes on her right foot,
but she said, he'd seen her in
the Mantid form out of body,
but knew it was his daughter.
So we've got a whole
new complex way maybe
of trying to now understand
what does this all mean.
How does this help us
understand contact?
What does it mean
to us as a species?
And I will tell
you one more thing.
I'm not sure if
I put it in here.
Oh, this is still about
the daughter first.
My six-year-old daughter
is immune to many viruses.
She is six now,
and she's never had
a cold or fever, show symptoms,
and then recovers quickly.
Sometimes she places
her hands where it hurts
and the pain stops.
So she's also a healer.
So this is some of the
new ones coming in,
are connecting, as I told you
about the 8-year-old boy that
said, my ancestors are the
Mantid, and when I die,
I'm going back to
being a Mantis.
So there's a connection with
those that have contact.
There is going to be a
connection to the beings
that you're interacting with.
This becomes quite clear.
One other thing I did want to
say to you before I move on,
is the husband, she said
when he gets very emotional,
she said, I saw him
look like a reptilian.
And she said he wasn't, you
know, he's a lovely husband,
he's very kind and caring.
And she said to him, you're
looking like a reptilian!
And he said ah.
He said, I know,
I've seen myself
in the mirror sometimes
looking like that.
And apparently, it's usually
when he gets emotional.
I have now individuals that have
told me that in certain times,
they've looked at someone and
they've not just seen human.
>> That happens a lot.
>> Yeah.
And it's part of the
higher frequency.
As you get to the
higher frequencies,
you're seeing more of what's
going on in the matrix.
And you're seeing the genetic
lineage of the individual
as well.
And that's a whole
other ballgame.
The new children are
already awake and aware.
This one is a drawing
from a young two-year-old
that was talking about auntie.
Now the Brazilian woman said
that the nonhuman beings
talk to her after returning
from an abduction.
She was described as being
immersed in a liquid,
and was very scared.
She hadn't told anyone.
Her two-year-old niece drew
this image of her auntie.
And she said, Auntie, they
are healing you in this fluid.
No need to be afraid.
They are your friends.
Now remember, Auntie hadn't said
anything about her experiences.
But the little two-year-old was
able to put her mind at rest.
So this is the awareness
of the new ones.
This is another drawing from
a five-year-old in Brazil
to his auntie.
Now we're talking about
codes, bringing in the codes,
the frequencies, through
artwork, through scripts,
through languages,
all the codes.
And I'm going to
talk more in depth
about that in my
workshop, where I'm
going to show you and let
you hear some of the codes.
Zac, who had ADHD,
identifies as a center seed.
Now this is a young man
that told me that this
was his first incarnation.
That he came from a planet
where he was, in fact, blue.
He recalls choosing his mother
and going through a portal
to be born.
His first earth life.
He speaks light languages,
and is triggered if someone
needs healing, he will help.
Telepathy is a root or
pattern in his mind.
He speaks about beings that
created this dimension.
He works with crystals.
He can see inter-dimensionally
with his eyes open.
Mentions the power of
triangles and the invention
of power devices using
magnetism and water.
Awareness of many
dimensions and timelines
and struggles to
focus on one timeline
where his physical body is.
Center seed means
the ability to heal
the planet of its
pollution, rebalance
the environment for
everyone, not just humans,
but animals and plants.
This is a 10-year-old in
western Australia describe.
And that's the questionnaire
that I sent out.
You'll notice, there's
lots of highlights.
This is what he looked
like in the planet
that he came from before he
came to his first Earth life.
And he talks about
what was interesting,
was the symbols down one leg.
And I actually asked
him to translate
what the symbols were.
Could he do that?
And he's explaining that
they were made meeting him.
And the second
one was his roots.
And the last one, a copy of
his, of the plane itself,
of where we are.
So again, he's doing symbols.
Now symbols can be
multi-dimensional, complex
files of information.
In other words, one symbol
could fill this room
with encyclopedias.
So when we see a symbol
from our dimension,
we're not actually seeing the
totality of that information.
This is a little
boy, again, my slides
have been playing games here.
How do I connect?
This is his astral form.
This is a young boy who told
me he's seven years old.
He's called Hayden.
That's his astral form.
He drew it for me.
"Before I came to
Earth I was just a will
of the wisp spirit, angel form.
I programmed my life on Earth
and decided on my star mission,
and I found myself
in mummy's tummy.
My home star planet is Elba.
I am visited by beings
that look like skeletons.
I've incarnated as
animal, as well as human
at the time of the dinosaurs.
He draws unusual symbols,
visits other places
beyond his consciousness,
perceives energy fields,
has traveled to the
moon in another life.
He can go to the
ninth dimension.
My thoughts can affect lights.
And he also told me the little
gray beings can only go as far,
the ones he sees can only go
as far as the sixth dimension,
was the way that he
explained it to me.
"I will go to my Mantid,
ancestors when I die,"
said the eight-year-old, Paul.
And as he was talking
to me, he suddenly
made these trilling chirping
sounds, which now I understand
were made by the mantis beings.
And sometimes when I'm
doing a regression,
there's mantis beings around.
You can actually hear
in the background
this trilling sound as well.
"Soul transfer into
a non-human body.
On the craft, there is a
Mantid body to go into.
I leave my physical body and
evaporate from my physical form
into the Mantid.
It's a bit like steam.
It's a bit like steam,
that's how it happens.
You just think it and
In the free surveys, 15% were
aware of ET soul swapping
with humans.
82% believed in a connection
between the beings pre-birth.
As Paul said, I see the
Mantid in the Lion being.
So what is happening
with contact
for many of those of
you that are having it,
there's often a reason why
certain beings are connecting
with you, and often it's because
there is more than just them
wanting to show you their form.
There is usually a soul family
connection to them as well.
And I haven't
mentioned walk-ins,
which is another
part of becoming more
and more part of my research.
For those of you
that don't understand
what a walk-ins soul
is or a soul swap,
it is when someone
believes that they've
walked into a human
body at a certain age.
But they didn't they
didn't experience up
to that point, a human life.
So in other words,
they may feel they've
walked into a body of a
14-year-old or a 20-year-old,
and they will feel
completely different.
And what they
explained to me is,
there will be a
soul that is in that
body for a number of
years, may have achieved
what it needed to achieve.
And rather than vacate
the body and lose it,
they'll have a soul agreement,
so another soul will
come in and take over that body
and the other soul will leave.
And their feeling is,
they have the memories,
but no attachment to them at
all, because it's not them.
Even though they'll
have the memories,
that will feel quite different.
Their focus will
be quite different.
And there's various varieties
of soul swap as well.
If I've got chance,
I'll mention it.
The reason I want you
to hear Kaza's story,
Kaza was born in Hong Kong,
but she lives in Sydney now.
Given three months to live
in this human body, in 2009
she had an autoimmune disease.
And she was told by
the doctors, go home,
there's nothing we can do.
She had a healing
by the light beings.
There was a bright light
and symbols in her head
and with love, and
she was healed.
What happened from that time
was that it got more difficult.
She had two more children.
And then she had a fourth child.
But she had multiple near-death
experiences, multiple.
And what happened from
that was ultimately,
Kaza, the soul that was in
Kaza vacated and another soul
came in.
But this soul knew they were
from the 13th dimension.
And she explained
to me quite clearly,
that we have no form, Mary,
in the 13th dimension.
We are consciousness only.
But we need to help
the planet now advance.
And the only way that
humans are comfortable
is if we appear in a form
that they can relate to.
So her reason for
moving into that body
was so that she could teach
us more about who they are.
Her children are very different.
She's had two more children.
The second child said his
friends have golden hair
and sometimes look
like a cat or a tiger,
and he will play
and talk to them.
Every night he'll see
one of his friends
pick him up and
send him to school.
The school is like
"Star Wars" school.
Kids there learn
different things,
like healing with crystals
or work with energy.
And she said the thing that she
said about the 13th dimension,
is a place full of compassion.
In that dimension.
I'm just a light form.
I don't have a name or body.
My kind do not have bodies.
We are like a block
of energy and can
turn into any form
you project onto us.
All dimensions and souls
are linked together.
>> My name is Ben.
I'm nine years old.
And I, I'm going to tell you
souls my special abilities
that I can do.
One of my abilities is to
see with my eyes closed.
And the other one is to
see through other people.
And the other one is
to go out of my body
to protect other
people from demons.
And here is some.
>> I'll tell you more
about that if I have time,
but that's all I can
show you for the moment.
What he told me was, that he
was taught by these beings
how to deal with lower entities.
And he said it wasn't scary.
They were just teaching me what
to do, so that I now can go out
at night and I can deal
with children that are being
influenced by these beings
and I can sort them out,
because I was
taught how to do it.
>> Ben, can you tell me what the
difference is between Strader
and Pumpkin Planet
that you talk about?
>> Well, there, well, Pumpkin
Planet is smaller in size
compared to Strader.
And Pumpkin Planet
doesn't have any trees.
>> Yeah?
Are they on the same dimensions?
>> No.
Strader's on the
seventh dimension,
and Pumpkin Planet's
on the sixth.
>> I won't show you
any more of that,
because I've got some
more I have to show you.
The new human.
It's not so simple
as foreign DNA.
It's a combination of
genetically improved bodies
in combination with souls
from different places
in the universe incarnating
in these improved bodies.
This is Dr. Ohlson's
understanding.
The souls have different
frequencies and vibrations,
depending on their
evolutionary status.
That plays a role
inactivation of the DNA
of that particular body.
I believe we also have
to take into account
the collective soul
of Homo sapiens.
This is where we're going.
So I understood something
was going to change soon.
So this is the big message I'm
getting from so many people
across the globe.
That we're being guided
and they're organizing us.
OK?
How can we now quantify it?
I've been part of an
organization that is looking
at what this really means.
And it's the first time
we've had a survey that
is complex enough
and detailed enough
to give us some understanding.
And the new human, 51%
believe they are an ET or part
ET out of 4,200 people.
26% have information
about upgrading DNA.
41.42% believe they're part
of a genetic breeding program.
24% told their spirit
or soul was at one time
an extraterrestrial.
28% saw hybrid
ETs on spacecraft.
And 63.45% believe they
had ET hybrid children.
This is now the information
that we're getting.
This gentleman, one of the
things I wanted to show you,
was a lot of them that
are having contact
are now drawing the
beings and what have you.
And this particular
gentleman, artist,
is talking about
his own activation
of sightings, downloads of data,
spiritual practice, channeling.
And those with ET experiences,
after near-death experiences,
out-of-body experiences
and connection.
>> One of the things that's been
particularly interesting to me.
>> Yes
>> In terms of the soul.
>> Right.
>> And there's been some of the
children and some of the adults
that are very aware that
when they go up on the craft,
sometimes they'll inhabit
a non-human form while
they're on the craft.
>> OK.
>> That one little boy mentioned
he evaporated into the Mantis
form, for example.
>> Yes, yes.
>> Is this something
you've experienced?
To go into another
container for a while?
>> Yes.
My astral body is not human.
It's an Ezoni.
It's something to
do with a frame,
it's kind of like a live
favoritism in a way.
Like your soul remembers this,
and it wants to duplicate it
and just wants to keep it there.
It's something that
I've chosen as well,
but something that
like, this is right.
This is what's supposed to be.
And every time I travel,
I'm always in my Ezoni.
I look Ezoni.
I'm purplish skin, you know.
>> Have you got the
picture of the Ezoni?
>> Yes, I do.
I'll show.
>> So she chooses an Ezoni form.
And if I have a minute, I'll
tell you a little bit more
about that story.
But Lea is now a
bit older, and she's
written a book called
"The Soul Remembers."
And it's all about her
memories of her past lives
in different existences.
And she's the most
amazing artist.
But I want you to, if I have
a chance, I'll mention that,
but I know I'm
running out of time.
This nine year old,
and the statement
was from this nine year old.
"My ET guides teach me
different knowledge,
so I can teach adults
to help humanity awaken.
These new children, these
new generations coming in,
are all part of this
upgrade human that's here
to help us with this planet.
And this is why we really
do need to know about it
and take care of them."
And let me explain.
Lea Kapiteli, her
mother is a scientist
who really struggled
with her daughter talking
about coming from somewhere
else, talking about past lives.
And said to me, you
know, I believe her,
but I'm really struggling,
I'm a scientist.
What Lee also said, and I
might have it in the one
that I'm going to
show you tomorrow,
is Lee talking about Homo
novus, where we are going to be
and what we are going to
be, the cosmic agenda.
So I want to
briefly say what Lea
thinks the cosmic agenda is.
"Homo novus is here
so humanity survives.
We're being upgraded
to Homo Noeticus.
We are a species in
transition to another level.
Homo novus is trying
to wake us up.
Wake up humanity through
drawings, music, sacred sites.
All those born after
2000 are Homo Noeticus.
They are literally
the next step.
They are able to do things that
Homo sapiens never dreamed of.
And many are activated in
their pubescent years."
So this is what she's
saying from 2000.
This is how they behave.
This five year old put
this together himself.
The mother literally just
came across him meditating.
I never taught my
son meditation,
but my son placed a pyramid
and crystals in a configuration
in front of him.
He said that each
corner of the pyramid
represented specific feelings.
He placed a clear
quartz crystal bead ball
on the point of the pyramid
and said it represents love,
and said that it was
what he was focusing on
during his meditation.
Twelve new groups of human,
Dr. Ohlson, has been told,
"if my information
is downloaded,
the download is
correct, there will
be 12 different main
groups of new DNA people.
It corresponds to the
12 different main groups
of ET alien DNA donors,
so nine more to go.
I do wonder what their
different features will be,
and if they'll be
allowed to go public.
Their / our DNA is activated
mainly via remote control
frequencies, so it's like
putting a virus in the software
computer program.
And when they're using their
DNA, as long as they are alive,
they will give off
an energy pattern
that will spread to
their surroundings
almost like flu or GMO
genes that contaminate
their frequency patterns."
So every person that's
woken up, every person that
is taking on these codes is
activating those around them.
There will be change
in human consciousness.
The energy heading this way
and the essence of this energy
is light.
The energy will repair our
DNA, will make us complete
and who we really are.
And this is what I
was trying to tell
my mother at four years old.
Mike Oram is author of "Does
It Rain in Other Dimensions,"
who I know in England.
He's a lovely gentleman.
And this is what he said
to his mother in the '50s,
he was talking about then.
The lovely, the
amazing artwork is
by Lloyd Canning,
who was kind enough
to do the cover of my book.
Another drawing by Lloyd.
The world is a fractal of
light, the future is bright.
A shift in energy
to a golden age.
The shift begins in June
2020, age of Aquarius,
according to Jimmy.
This is what he's been told.
So I thought I
would put that in.
"You don't have to worry,
Nana, they're guiding us home."
So this little eight year old
was saying to her grandma.
85% of experiences in our
surveys of 4,200 people
experienced a psycho-spiritual
transformation after contact.
So what is it they're
telling you off the agenda?
It sounds pretty good to me.
As I've got two
minutes, you know
I was talking about
the Ezoni and Lea.
Her mother's a scientist.
Well, Lee had drawn
a picture of the time
she was on the planet Ezoni.
And in it is all these children.
And Lea said to her mother,
these were my children
on that planet.
And you were there, and you
looked after them when I died.
And the mother could
never, the mother scientist
couldn't understand why she
was so moved by this picture,
even though she couldn't
remember anything
and didn't even know
whether she really
believed in reincarnation.
So we did a regression
with Lea sitting there,
and there was lots
of interesting stuff
that came out with
the scientist mother.
But the thing that blew
me away and something
that I think was quite profound
in validating reincarnation
more than anything, was
that in the hypnosis,
she was interacting again with
these children, these Ezoni
children that her,
that she'd been left
to look after on this planet.
But she said, they're
talking to me,
but I can't understand them.
And Lea, who had been
sitting there watching
the hypnosis, and normally
this would never happen,
but she kept saying, I
want to say something,
I want to say something.
So I thought, OK, we'll
see what pans out.
And Lea spoke to her mother
in hypnosis in Ezoni.
And guess what happened.
The mother answered
back in Ezoni.
And when she came out
of the regression,
she couldn't speak it.
But she answered
in that language.
So make of that what you will.
Isn't life fascinating?
So there you go.
Thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]